Where did you download the data (e.g., a web URL)?
The Dataset are all collected from Kaggle by searching the key word "videogame". 
The web URL for Kaggle is: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets
1.League-of-worlds dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/braydenrogowski/league-of-legends-worlds-2021-playin-group-stats
2.steam dataset:https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/tamber/steam-video-games
3.android phone games dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/dhruvildave/top-play-store-games?resource=download

How was the data collected or generated? Make sure to explain who collected the data 
(not necessarily the same people that host the data), and who or what the data is about?
1.  The dataset of Steam Video Games is collected by Tamber through Steam Store and Steamspy API directly. This dataset was gathered around 2017, 
which means only the game released prior can be found in this dataset. Also, this dataset only contain game contents, meaning other softerware sold on Steam 
would not be calculated.
2. The dataset of Top Games on Google Play Store was collected through Dhruvil Dave through Google Play Store directly. This dataset was gathered around Jun 2021,
which means only the game released prior can be found in this dataset. Also, this dataset only contains 100 games available in android because of the limitation of 
Google Play.
3. For the dataset of the game record of League of Legends, it was collected by BRAYDEN ROGOWSKI and all data was acquired from lolesports.com which shows 
all in-depth statistics available for each match that others can use to find correlations between in-game statistics and wins.

How many observations (rows) are in your data?
League-of-worlds dataset: 221
android phone games dataset: 1771
steam dataset:199999


How many features (columns) are in the data?
League-of-worlds dataset: 20
android phone games dataset:15
steam dataset:5

What questions (from above) can be answered using the data in this dataset?
1. For the League and Legend dataset, The detailed data of different team performance, 
such as kills, death, and assist, of each team can help to analyze the strong and weaknesses of each team.
It can also find the gold disturbance and wining percentage could be answered using this dataset. 
2. The dataset of steam includes the user ID, name of the steam game, behavior name(play/ purchase) and hours of playing. Using these
dataset, the situation of games (what game has most purchase, what game has most hour played) and
its ratio of purchase and play can be analyzed using this dataset. Using the user ID, the user who has most purchase or most play can also be answered.
3. The dataset of Andorid Game includes the rank (rank in particular genre), tital, total rating, average rating, installs, percent of growth, (30/60 days),
price, category, and 5 star rating. Using these dataset, the popularity and rating percentage can be answered
(most popular games, the lease popular games, most 5 stars game, etc). The most popularity of category can also be answered using this dataset.
